you
so to summarize our discussion of
recommender systems in some sense the
filtering task or recommended task is
easy and in some other senses and the
task is actually difficulty so it's easy
because the users expectations though in
this case the system it takes initiative
to push the information to the user so
the user doesn't really make any effort
so any recommendation is better than
nothing right so well unless you
recommend all the noisy items or useless
documents if you can recommend some
useful information users generally would
appreciate it so that's in that sense
that's easy
however filtering is actually much
harder task than retrieval because you
have to make a binary decision and you
can't afford a waiting for a lot of
items and then you are going to see
whether one item is better than others
you have to make a decision when you see
this item the thing about the news
filtering as soon as you see the news
and you have to decide whether the news
would be interesting to a user if you
wait for a few days well even if you can
make accurate recommendation of the most
relevant news the utility is going to be
significantly decreased another reason
why it's hard it's because there are
sparseness if you think of this as a
learning problem in collaborative
filtering for example it's purely based
on learning from the past ratings so if
you don't have many ratings there's
really not that much you can do I and I
just mentioned this cold start problem
this is actually a very serious serious
problem but of course there are
strategies that have been proposed to
resolve the problem and there are
different strategies that you can use to
alleviate the problem even use for
example more user information to assess
their similarity instead of using the
preferences of these users on these
items there may be additional
information available
to user etc and we also talked about the
two strategies for filtering tasks one
is content-based where we look at items
in narrative you know this collaborative
filtering where we look at the use of
similarity and they obviously can be
combined in a practical system you can
imagine the camera would have to be
combined so that will give us a hybrid
strategy for filtering and we also could
recall that that we talked about push
versus a pool as two strategies for
getting access to the text data and
recommended system easy to help users in
the push mode and such engines are
serving users in the poor mode obviously
the two should be combined and they can
be combined to have a system that we can
support the user with multiple mode
information access so in future we could
anticipate such a system to be more
useful to a user and either this is an
active research area so there are a lot
of new algorithms be being proposed all
the time in particular those new
algorithms tend to use a lot of context
information now the context here could
be the context of the user but it could
be also context of documents or items
the items are not isolated they are
connected in many ways the users might
form a social network as well so there's
a rich context there that we can
leverage in order to really solve the
problem where and then that's a active
research area where also machine
learning algorithms they have been
applied here are some additional
readings in the handbook all the
recommender systems and has a cracking
of a lot of good articles that can give
you an overview of a number of
specific approaches to recommender
systems